# Privacy Policy

This Privacy Notice explains how TrialMonster uses the personal data we collect from you when you use this website.
What data do we collect?

TrialMonster collects the following data:

    Personal identification data you directly provide name, email address, phone number, postal address and other relevant information depending on the context.
    Entry and competition data relating to personal performance in sporting activities.
    Data generated by your activity: Log information such as Internet protocol (IP) address, navigation behaviour through the website, device and software used, the time/date/duration of your visit, and other similar information and parameters related to your operating system and computer environment.

How do we collect your data?

We collect data and process data when you:

    Register for and participate in sporting events.
    Use or view our website via your browser's cookies.

How will we use your data?

Your data will be used solely for managing entries and announcing results for sporting events.

In some circumstances we make your data available outside TrialMonster, such as for:

    Payment processing: We use a third-party service, Stripe, USA

When Stripe processes your payments, it may send your data to, and also use the resulting information from, credit reference agencies to prevent fraudulent purchases.
How do we store your data?

TrialMonster securely stores your data at GoDaddy premises or on cloud services used by GoDaddy. Your data will not be published for general access nor disclosed or sold to third parties. TrialMonster, however, assumes no responsibility for the security of this information.

Data you provide directly is typically kept until either (1) you unsubscribe from the service requested or until (2) two years after your last transaction. We store data about your activity on our websites for 11 months, after which time it is deleted. We keep data on email activity for 24 months after which time it is deleted.
How do I request you to delete my data?

If you wish your data to be deleted, please send an email to admin@trialmonster.uk
What are cookies?

Cookies are text files placed on your computer to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behavior information. When you visit our websites, we may collect information from you automatically through cookies or similar technology. For further information, visit allaboutcookies.org.
How do we use cookies?

TrialMonster uses cookies in a range of ways to improve your experience on our website, including:

    Keeping you signed in
    Understanding how you use our website
    Confirmation that you are a real human user

What types of cookies do we use?

There are a number of different types of cookies, however, our website uses:

    Functionality - TrialMonster uses these cookies so that we recognise you on our website and remember your previously selected preferences.  A mix of first-party and third-party cookies are used.

How to manage cookies

You can set your browser not to accept cookies, and your browser tells you how to remove cookies from your browser. However, in a few cases, some of our website features may not function as a result.
Links to other websites

Our website may contain links to other websites. Our Privacy Notice applies only to our website. For example, we link to our accounts on a number of social media platforms such as Facebook and YouTube. We are not responsible for the privacy policies or content on third-party websites and encourage you to read the privacy notices of other websites you visit.